Update firewalld text (#11944)
docker/docs: network/iptables.md

If you are running Docker version 20.10.0 or higher with [firewalld](https://firewalld.org){: target="blank" rel="noopener" class=“”} on your system with `--iptables` enabled, Docker automatically creates a `firewalld` zone called `docker` and inserts all the network interfaces it creates (for example, `docker0`) into the `docker` zone to allow seamless networking.

> In case you have manually inserted a docker network interface to another zone, please remove the interface from that zone, using the commands below - 

Reviewer: Perhaps something like;

```suggestion
If you manually added the `docker0` network interface to a zone other than `trusted`,
you need to remove the interface from this zone. Follow the steps below fo to remove
the interface from other zones:
```

```bash
# Please substitute the appropriate zone and docker interface

> $ firewall-cmd --get-zone-of-interface=docker0

Reviewer: This only shows the zone, or does this also remove it?

Perhaps we should split this to a separate paragraph; show steps to

1. "find" the current zone
2. remove the zone

Then, show how to restart docker (?)
